README.md, before:

### Brawl HD stickers
Mission to finding high quality images to replace the original images from the game

### Progress
35 / 700 stickers in HD  
`███___________________________________________________________________` (2 %)

### Who can help?
Anyone is free to fork and then make a pull request.  
Make sure you follow [my process of making the stickers](/process.diff).  
If you disagree with the process, feel free to open an issue.

Reference [the progress document](progress.diff) which will tell you  
which are still missing (red) and which are now in HD (green).

Also reference [complete list of stickers](https://www.ssbwiki.com/List_of_stickers_(complete_list)) for names and images,  
but you can also find images in this repo as well, in folder [stickers original](/stickers%20original).

Just finding links to source images is very helpful.  
Create an issue, put links together with the filename from the folder stickers original,  
and someone (such as me) can then process those into HD stickers.

### Can I use these?
Feel free to download the folder "stickers HD" and put it in the game.  
Follow guides regarding replacing internal files with external ones.

Commit message:

added source images, from where the art is from

README.md, after:

### Brawl HD stickers
Mission to finding high quality images to replace the original images from the game

### Progress
35 / 700 stickers in HD  
`███___________________________________________________________________` (2 %)

### Who can help?
Anyone is free to fork and then make a pull request.  
Make sure you follow [my process of making the stickers](/process.diff).  
If you disagree with the process, feel free to open an issue.

Reference [the progress document](progress.diff) which will tell you  
which are still missing (red) and which are now in HD (green).

Also reference [complete list of stickers](https://www.ssbwiki.com/List_of_stickers_(complete_list)) for names and images,  
but you can also find images in this repo as well, in folder [stickers original](/stickers%20original).

Just finding links to source images is very helpful.  
Create an issue, put links together with the filename from the folder stickers original,  
and someone (such as me) can then process those into HD stickers.

Ensure to also include the original source image, unedited, used for the HD sticker,
put that image in the folder [source images](/source%20images), with the same name as the sticker.

### Can I use these?
Feel free to download the folder "stickers HD" and put it in the game.  
Follow guides regarding replacing internal files with external ones.
